[Music]
we can all get carried away making bets
but nothing beats Thomas Fitzpatrick's
funny and brave story he was just having
drinks at the bar when his friend put
him to a daring challenge and wait let's
start right from the beginning an
American pilot Thomas Fitzpatrick was
born in 1930 in Manhattan New York he
grew up to be an honorable man he served
in the US Marine Corps during World War
two and joined the US Army during the
Korean War he even received the Purple
Heart for his bravery but he was a real
daredevil at heart and in 1956 he showed
his courage once again it was somewhere
near 3:00 in the morning on September
30th and Tommy Fitz
as people often called him was drinking
and having fun with his friends at the
bar as the party continued one of
Thomas's buddies said that there was no
way he could make it from New Jersey all
the way to New York in just 15 minutes
Fitzpatrick quickly accepted the
challenge and left the bar without
saying a word a couple minutes later
Thomas's friends heard the distinct
sound of an airplane what naturally
everybody ran out onto the street
looking up at the red and white cessna
flying right above the bar nobody knows
how Fitzpatrick was able to land the
plane without ruining any of the New
York buildings but he did it
spectacularly landing on st. Nicholas
Avenue right in front of the bar he
quickly jumped out of the airplane and
ordered one more beer before the bar
closed of course this audacious incident
didn't go unnoticed as it turned out
later Thomas actually stole the plane
from the Teterboro school of Aeronautics
so he initially received a $5,000 bail
for his illegal dare thankfully the
owner of the plane which was unharmed by
the way found the whole situation funny
and decided not to press charges so
Fitzpatrick was only find a hundred
bucks he became the hot new thing in the
news though the New York Times called
his risky flight a feat of aeronautics
and a fun landing
after the legal side of this story was
taken care of
Thomas Fitzpatrick went back to his
normal life he worked as a steam fitter
got married and led a pretty happy life
who knew that just two years later the
story would repeat itself yep on October
4th 1958 Thomas was in the bar again
drinking and telling the bartender all
about his exciting play the bartender
obviously didn't read the newspapers
though because he didn't believe
Fitzpatrick's story one bet good so why
not repeat it right that's exactly what
Thomas thought he stole another plane
from the same airfield and this time
landed on Amsterdam and 187th Street
right in front of you Sheva University
the spectators claimed that the plane
hit the ground and bounced 20 feet in
the air before hitting the ground once
again still nobody was injured and no
buildings were ruined
however Thomas didn't get away with it
this time the judge took Fitzpatrick's
military record into consideration and
sentenced him to 6 months in prison he
served his time gracefully returned home
led a quiet life with his wife and kids
and never flew into New York ever again
the brave pilot passed away of cancer at
the age of 79 his unbelievable feat is
still remembered though there's even a
drink called late night flight that was
named after Fitzpatrick a true hero
nonetheless this isn't the craziest
story that's ever happened in New York
after all it's a place with long and
fascinating history right so here's just
a couple of its wildest events straw
hats riot back in the twenty straw hats
were the epitome of male fashion not
fashion in general though just summer
fashion so when some men continued to
wear their hats in September people
started to become quite tense about it a
couple weeks in and anti straw hat gangs
were born they basically snatched the
hats from men's heads the madness ended
only after the three-day long straw hat
riot when hooligans all over New York
City got into fights with every straw
hat lover luckily no one was killed but
a couple of people were
that's probably why straw hats suddenly
disappeared from the fashion world for
good living the video game in 2013 grand
theft auto was one of the most popular
video games ever
so when grand theft auto 5 was finally
coming out everybody was excited but
nobody wanted it more than three guys
from Staten Island who actually
pretended to be cops to get their hands
on the game earlier at first they wanted
to buy the game like everyone else but
when they got to the store they saw a
long line of hundreds of people and
that's when they came up with the idea
to declare themselves police officers
and cut in front of everybody
they even drove an unmarked police car
to the store however their nerves
quickly gave them away they ran a couple
of stop signs on their way out and got
pulled over by actual police the classic
case of life imitating art stolen
building you probably don't know this
but back in the 60s there was a massive
and gorgeous Bogardus building right in
downtown New York City one day thanks to
a huge urban renewal the Landmarks
Preservation Commission decided to take
apart and use its elements to create
another building in the future so the
building's parts made their way into a
vacant lot until one day somebody
decided to steal them the chairman of
the Commission claimed the see three men
loading large pieces of the former
building into a truck unfortunately when
the thieves were found about two-thirds
of the facade had already been sold so
the Commission took the rest of the
building and placed it in another secret
location
apparently the location wasn't that
secret after all as when the Commission
finally decided to use the pieces the
storage turned out to be completely
empty once again the original spandrel
panel was the only piece that was left
behind and these days you can actually
come and see it in the Museum of the
city of New York the authorities also
built a replica of the original building
with all new parts it's the one at South
Street Seaport on Front Street and
Fulton Street the person who stole the
original pieces was never caught and
still remains unknown the haunted how
New York is an old city so naturally
it's full of bizarre and haunted
buildings however there's one that will
send more chills down your spine than
any other a gorgeous townhouse on 14th
West 10th Street it's often considered
to be the most haunted place in the city
with allegedly 22 ghosts living there
the house was built back in the 1850s
and quickly became popular among the New
York City elite at first it was a one
residence home but later it was split
into apartments and that's when
supernatural things began Jan Bryant's
Bartel the off-broadway actress who
lived in the top-floor apartment said
she often felt the presence of a
monstrous moving shadow in her home she
even called a medium who stated that she
felt the presence of three souls in the
house Mark Twain also lived in the
building for a year and even though he
didn't die there
people have since claimed to see his
ghost in a classic white suit walking
along the hallways a mother and daughter
who lived in the building for a while
even insisted on him saying my name is
Clemens which is the author's real name
by the way and I got problems here I
gotta settle to them but before they
could even understand what was going on
the writer disappeared well I guess now
we know that one place in New York City
we should all avoid at all cost do you
know any other crazy New York stories
let me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today
then give this video a like and share it
with a friend but hey don't go anywhere
just yet we have over 2000 cool videos
for you to check out all you have to do
is pick the left or right video click on
it and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life